docs/installation/linux.md, before:

Package installation instructions
=================================

Supports [Ubuntu 14.04][u14], [Ubuntu 16.04][u16],
[CentOS 7][cos], [many Linux distributions (AppImage)][lai], and [macOS 10.11][osx].
All packages are available on our GitHub [releases][] page.

Once the package is installed, run `powershell` from a terminal.

[u14]: #ubuntu-1404
[u16]: #ubuntu-1604
[cos]: #centos-7
[lai]: #linux-appimage
[osx]: #os-x-1011

Ubuntu 14.04
============

Using [Ubuntu 14.04][], download the Debian package
`powershell_6.0.0-alpha.9-1ubuntu1.14.04.1_amd64.deb`
from the [releases][] page onto the Ubuntu machine.

Then execute the following in the terminal:

```sh
sudo apt-get install libunwind8 libicu52
sudo dpkg -i powershell_6.0.0-alpha.9-1ubuntu1.14.04.1_amd64.deb
```

[Ubuntu 14.04]: http://releases.ubuntu.com/14.04/

Ubuntu 16.04
============

Using [Ubuntu 16.04][], download the Debian package
`powershell_6.0.0-alpha.9-1ubuntu1.16.04.1_amd64.deb`
from the [releases][] page onto the Ubuntu machine.

Then execute the following in the terminal:

> Please note the different libicu package dependency!

```sh
sudo apt-get install libunwind8 libicu55
sudo dpkg -i powershell_6.0.0-alpha.9-1ubuntu1.16.04.1_amd64.deb
```

[Ubuntu 16.04]: http://releases.ubuntu.com/16.04/

CentOS 7
========

Using [CentOS 7][], download the RPM package
`powershell-6.0.0_alpha.9-1.el7.centos.x86_64.rpm`
from the [releases][] page onto the CentOS machine.

Then execute the following in the terminal:

```sh
sudo yum install powershell-6.0.0_alpha.9-1.el7.centos.x86_64.rpm
```

You can also install the RPM without the intermediate step of downloading it:

```sh
sudo yum install https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/releases/download/v6.0.0-alpha.9/powershell-6.0.0_alpha.9-1.el7.centos.x86_64.rpm
```

> This package works on Oracle Linux 7. It should work on Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 too.

[CentOS 7]: https://www.centos.org/download/

Linux AppImage
==============

Using a desktop Linux distribution for the Intel x86_64 architecture that is no older than approximately two years, download the AppImage
`PowerShell-6.0.0.alpha.9-x86_64.AppImage`
from the [releases][] page onto the Linux machine.

Then execute the following in the terminal:

```
chmod a+x PowerShell-6.0.0.alpha.9-x86_64.AppImage
./PowerShell-6.0.0.alpha.9-x86_64.AppImage
```

The AppImage lets you run PowerShell without installing it. It is a portable application that bundles PowerShell and everything it needs to run that is not part of the default installation of many distributions ([more information](http://appimage.org/)).

macOS 10.11
===========

Using macOS 10.11, download the PKG package `powershell-6.0.0-alpha.9.pkg` from the [releases][] page onto the macOS machine.

Either double-click the file and follow the prompts,
or install it from the terminal:

```sh
sudo installer -pkg powershell-6.0.0-alpha.9.pkg -target /
```

Paths
=====

* `$PSHOME` is `/opt/microsoft/powershell/6.0.0-alpha.9/`
* User profiles will be read from `~/.config/powershell/profile.ps1`
* Default profiles will be read from `$PSHOME/profile.ps1`
* User modules will be read from `~/.local/share/powershell/Modules`
* Shared modules will be read from `/usr/local/share/powershell/Modules`
* Default modules will be read from `$PSHOME/Modules`
* PSReadLine history will be recorded to `~/.local/share/powershell/PSReadLine/ConsoleHost_history.txt`

The profiles respect PowerShell's per-host configuration,
so the default host-specific profiles exists at `Microsoft.PowerShell_profile.ps1` in the same locations.

On Linux and macOS, the [XDG Base Directory Specification][xdg-bds] is respected.


Note that because macOS is a derivation of BSD,
instead of `/opt`, the prefix used is `/usr/local`.
Thus, `$PSHOME` is `/usr/local/microsoft/powershell/6.0.0-alpha.9/`,
and the symlink is placed at `/usr/local/bin/powershell`.

[releases]: https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/releases/latest
[xdg-bds]: https://specifications.freedesktop.org/basedir-spec/basedir-spec-latest.html

Commit message:

Rename AppImage to "powershell" for package consistency
Also put version back to 6.0.0-alpha.9 (- instead of .).
Removed $LOWERAPP as it was no longer needed.

docs/installation/linux.md, after:

Package installation instructions
=================================

Supports [Ubuntu 14.04][u14], [Ubuntu 16.04][u16],
[CentOS 7][cos], [many Linux distributions (AppImage)][lai], and [macOS 10.11][osx].
All packages are available on our GitHub [releases][] page.

Once the package is installed, run `powershell` from a terminal.

[u14]: #ubuntu-1404
[u16]: #ubuntu-1604
[cos]: #centos-7
[lai]: #linux-appimage
[osx]: #os-x-1011

Ubuntu 14.04
============

Using [Ubuntu 14.04][], download the Debian package
`powershell_6.0.0-alpha.9-1ubuntu1.14.04.1_amd64.deb`
from the [releases][] page onto the Ubuntu machine.

Then execute the following in the terminal:

```sh
sudo apt-get install libunwind8 libicu52
sudo dpkg -i powershell_6.0.0-alpha.9-1ubuntu1.14.04.1_amd64.deb
```

[Ubuntu 14.04]: http://releases.ubuntu.com/14.04/

Ubuntu 16.04
============

Using [Ubuntu 16.04][], download the Debian package
`powershell_6.0.0-alpha.9-1ubuntu1.16.04.1_amd64.deb`
from the [releases][] page onto the Ubuntu machine.

Then execute the following in the terminal:

> Please note the different libicu package dependency!

```sh
sudo apt-get install libunwind8 libicu55
sudo dpkg -i powershell_6.0.0-alpha.9-1ubuntu1.16.04.1_amd64.deb
```

[Ubuntu 16.04]: http://releases.ubuntu.com/16.04/

CentOS 7
========

Using [CentOS 7][], download the RPM package
`powershell-6.0.0_alpha.9-1.el7.centos.x86_64.rpm`
from the [releases][] page onto the CentOS machine.

Then execute the following in the terminal:

```sh
sudo yum install powershell-6.0.0_alpha.9-1.el7.centos.x86_64.rpm
```

You can also install the RPM without the intermediate step of downloading it:

```sh
sudo yum install https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/releases/download/v6.0.0-alpha.9/powershell-6.0.0_alpha.9-1.el7.centos.x86_64.rpm
```

> This package works on Oracle Linux 7. It should work on Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 too.

[CentOS 7]: https://www.centos.org/download/

Linux AppImage
==============

> Please note that we do have an alpha.9 AppImage,
> this is preparation for alpha.10!

Using a recent Linux distribution for the Intel x86_64 architecture,
download the AppImage `powershell-6.0.0-alpha.9-x86_64.AppImage`
from the [releases][] page onto the Linux machine.

Then execute the following in the terminal:

```
chmod a+x powershell-6.0.0-alpha.9-x86_64.AppImage
./powershell-6.0.0-alpha.9-x86_64.AppImage
```

The [AppImage][] lets you run PowerShell without installing it.
It is a portable application that bundles PowerShell and its dependencies
(including .NET Core's system dependencies) into one cohesive package.
This package works independently of the user's Linux distribution,
and is a single binary.

[appimage]: http://appimage.org/

macOS 10.11
===========

Using macOS 10.11, download the PKG package `powershell-6.0.0-alpha.9.pkg` from the [releases][] page onto the macOS machine.

Either double-click the file and follow the prompts,
or install it from the terminal:

```sh
sudo installer -pkg powershell-6.0.0-alpha.9.pkg -target /
```

Paths
=====

* `$PSHOME` is `/opt/microsoft/powershell/6.0.0-alpha.9/`
* User profiles will be read from `~/.config/powershell/profile.ps1`
* Default profiles will be read from `$PSHOME/profile.ps1`
* User modules will be read from `~/.local/share/powershell/Modules`
* Shared modules will be read from `/usr/local/share/powershell/Modules`
* Default modules will be read from `$PSHOME/Modules`
* PSReadLine history will be recorded to `~/.local/share/powershell/PSReadLine/ConsoleHost_history.txt`

The profiles respect PowerShell's per-host configuration,
so the default host-specific profiles exists at `Microsoft.PowerShell_profile.ps1` in the same locations.

On Linux and macOS, the [XDG Base Directory Specification][xdg-bds] is respected.


Note that because macOS is a derivation of BSD,
instead of `/opt`, the prefix used is `/usr/local`.
Thus, `$PSHOME` is `/usr/local/microsoft/powershell/6.0.0-alpha.9/`,
and the symlink is placed at `/usr/local/bin/powershell`.

[releases]: https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/releases/latest
[xdg-bds]: https://specifications.freedesktop.org/basedir-spec/basedir-spec-latest.html
